My entire YouTube channel is a lie. For
years now, I've been the guy who loves
the wandering trader. I've spent so much
time telling people about how important
he is to my super flat world and all the
blocks and items I couldn't get without
him. I nicknamed him Wandi T. I built
him an entire mansion. And I even made a
video begging people to stop killing him
all the time, which got over 13 million
views. But now I must make 13 million
apologies. And it's all because I'm on a
mission to get the blue axelottle in
Superflat. For that, I need buckets of
tropical fish, which I can only get from
the wandering trader. It's such a rare
trade, and I need so many fish buckets
that I've been afking all day and night
at my trader farm. And when I'm done
trading, the traders need to be disposed
of to prevent them from building up and
entity cramming, which has all led to
possibly the worst stat in my entire
super flat world. I'm so ashamed. But Wy
T is turning 7 years old on January
30th. So, to make up for my sins, I'm
going to make him the biggest birthday
cake in Minecraft history. For every
single subscriber that this short gets,
I'm going to add another cake onto the
mega cake. But guys, cakes don't even
stack.